How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
I now know how to use command line to check to codes what they differ.and it is good to see that everything seems so
easy when we know how to use command line and instructors at udacity are cool.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
The best use of having history of file is that when i want to add a new feature in code and i ruined everything
and i just want to go to the previous stage.than the history of files comes to save us otherwise it is too hard to get
back to the previous code version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
In the system of manually choosing ,we can always commit on a logical change and it is always good to change at a
logical change.so its nice to have a manual control of saving versions.but we have to remember always to save the version
manually.automatically is not feasible solution for code files.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like
Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because codefiles depends on each other like index.css depends on index.html.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
First we need repository and after that go into repository and type git log it will
display all the commites which happened over the time project development.and we can
see the chanegs between two commites and with the command help git diff first_commit _id second_commit_id.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
AFTER VERSION CONTROL WE DO NOT AFRAID TO ADD NEW FEATURE TO THE PROJECT BEACUE WE CAN GET BACK TO
OUR OLD CODE IF FEATURE DOESN'T WORK AND CLIENT DO NOT WANT THE NEW FEATURE.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will develpe android projects on the github.the biggest thing about github i dont't need to take care about
caring about my project.
